Socat Reverse Shells
Let’s take a look at a reverse
shell using socat.
First, Bob will start a listener
on port 443.
This is a standard listener
with the addition of -d -d
which increases the verbosity
of the output.
Next, Alice will use socat’s
EXEC option,
which is similar to the
Netcat -e equivalent.
In this case, Alice will use the
EXEC:/bin/bash option
to send a reverse shell to
Bob’s listening socket.
Once connected, Bob can enter
commands from his socat session
which will execute on Alice’s machine.
This is a great start, and we have
covered some important topics,
but so far all of our socat network
activity has been in the clear.
Next, we’ll take a look at the
basics of encryption with socat.